Update documentation related to running on mainnet (#795)
input-output-hk/hydra: docs/docs/getting-started/quickstart.md

a654fb60d21c1fed48db2c320aa6df9737ec0204c0ba53b9b94a09fb40e757f3
```

> Conveniently (at least, as much as it can possibly be right now), we provide a [create-marker-utxo.sh](https://github.com/input-output-hk/hydra/blob/master/sample-node-config/gcp/scripts/create-marker-utxo.sh) script that uses the cardano-cli to convert a normal UTxO into a marked fuel UTxO. Note that the marker is necessary because, the Cardano keys are expected to hold funds necessary for commits as well, however unmarked. As a secondary note, this is meant to be used for local devnet, for mainnet usage you would need to adapt the script.

Reviewer: I would remove this change and:
* either fix the script
* or add an item to #713 to not forget about fixing the scripts so that they can run on mainnet

Author: fixed!

### Google Cloud w/ Terraform

We provide sample node configurations that will help you get started hosting a Hydra node on virtual machines in the Cloud in the [`sample-node-config/` directory](https://github.com/input-output-hk/hydra/tree/master/sample-node-config/gcp/). In particular, this setup contains a [docker-compose.yaml](https://github.com/input-output-hk/hydra/blob/master/sample-node-config/gcp/docker-compose.yaml) specification which gives a good template for configuring cardano-node + hydra-node services. It also offers various useful scripts to setup your cluster.

> Note: This setup is meant to configure your cluster for devnet network. If you want to run the node on mainnet check out _Running on Mainnet_ paragraph.

> ## Running on Mainnet

Reviewer 2: @v0d1ch What about running on preview/preprod testnets before? I think we should suggest that at and IMO this section would be better if it explains more generally how the hydra-node needs to be configured for a given network. Maybe even a bit earlier in this document (it feels out of place here).

> Hydra node is compatible with the mainnet network. To choose this network you need to specify `--mainnet` flag for the network id in the hydra-node arguments. On each release we are alredy pre-publishing the hydra scripts and you can find them on the [release page](https://github.com/input-output-hk/hydra/releases) (look for section _Hydra Scripts_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hydra node is compatible with the mainnet network. To choose this network you need to specify `--mainnet` flag for the network id in the hydra-node arguments. We publish the hydra scripts on each new release and you can find them on the [release page](https://github.com/input-output-hk/hydra/releases) (look for section _Hydra Scripts_).
```
